Improve documentation for new font collection releases (#52)
matiasbenedetto/google-fonts-to-wordpress-collection: README.md

### 2. Set the new release version

First, Update the `CURRENT_RELEASE` and `SVG_PREVIEWS_BASE_URL` constants in `src/constant.js` with the new release version. e.g. For WordPress 7.0, `const CURRENT_RELEASE = 'wp-7.0'` and `const SVG_PREVIEWS_BASE_URL = 'https://s.w.org/images/fonts/wp-7.0/previews/'`.

### 3. Fetch Google Fonts Data

Fetches font data from the Google Fonts API and converts it to a WordPress `theme.json` like format to be compatible with the new WordPress Font Library collections. Create a Google API key on [the credentials page](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials) and set it as the `GOOGLE_FONTS_API_KEY` environment variable:

```bash
GOOGLE_FONTS_API_KEY={YOUR_GOOGLE_FONTS_API_KEY} npm run api
```

On Windows (PowerShell), set the environment variable and run the command as follows:

```powershell
$env:GOOGLE_FONTS_API_KEY = "{YOUR_GOOGLE_FONTS_API_KEY}"; npm run api
```

This script will create a new `releases/{wp-X.X}/collections/google-fonts.json` file.

**Note: Never expose your Google API key publicly or commit it to this repository.**

### 4. Generate SVG Previews for Google Fonts

> Generates SVG preview images for each font family and font face from the Google Fonts collection. The script iterates over the list of font families, downloads the font assets, uses them to generate SVG preview images, and creates a new JSON file with preview image links. The updated JSON file is saved as `releases/{wp-X.X}/collections/google-fonts-with-preview.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate SVG preview images for each font family and font face from the Google Fonts collection. The script below iterates over the list of font families, downloads the font assets, uses them to generate SVG preview images, and creates a new JSON file with preview image links. The updated JSON file is saved as `releases/{wp-X.X}/collections/google-fonts-with-preview.json`.
```

```bash
npm run previews
```

Note that this command may take some time, as it generates a large number of font previews.

If the font preview fails to generate due to a possibly corrupted font, consider adding the file to the `excludedFontFamilies` variable defined in the `src/generate_font_previews.js` file.

### 5. Create a PR

> Now you're ready to create a pull request. The modified files/directory should look like this, commit them, and submit the PR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you're ready to create a pull request. The modified files/directory should look like this. Commit these changes, and submit the PR:
```

-   Modifiled:
    -   `src/constants.js`
-   Created:
    -   `releases/{wp-X.X}/collections/google-fonts.json`
    -   `releases/{wp-X.X}/collections/google-fonts-with-preview.json`
    -   `releases/{wp-X.X}/previews/*`

Note that `releases/{wp-X.X}/font-assets/*` is gitignored. The ~font-assets` directory contains intermediate files used only for generating SVG previews.

### 6. Test the PR

New releases added via PR can be tested on a local site. To serve the fonts from a development server for testing on a local WordPress site, start the development server from this repo. e.g. For WordPress 7.0, you can check the fonts served with `http://localhost:9158/images/fonts/wp-7.0/collections/google-fonts-with-preview.json`:

```bash
npm run serve
```

> Add the following filters to an mu-plugin running on your local WordPress site (e.g. `wp-content/mu-plugins/0-local.php`). These codes register a new font collection based on the new fonts served from the development server and grant it access to the development server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following filters to an mu-plugin running on your local WordPress site (e.g. `wp-content/mu-plugins/0-local.php`). This will register a new font collection based on the new fonts served from the development server and grant it access to the development server.
```
